Chile Just Converted 11 Million Acres Into New National Parks Part of the 11 million acres of newly added land to the Chilean national parks.Tompkins Conservation Part of the 11 million acres of newly added land to the Chilean national parks. Chile set aside 11 million acres of land for national parks aided by the largest private land donation from a private entity to a country. The conservation effort of the Tompkins Foundation helped pave the way for Chile to greatly expand its conservation of the pristine Patagonia wilderness. The Tompkins foundation was established by Kristine McDivitt Tompkins, the previous CEO of Patagonia, and the late Doug Tompkins, the co-founder of North Face and Esprit. The couple, known for purchasing large chunks of land in Patagonia for conservation, have always had the ambition to protect and conserve the Patagonian wilderness for generations to come. However, their efforts weren't always well received by the Chilean government and citizens. The Tompkins were accused of attempting to split Chile in two to form a new state or as CIA spies intending to infiltrate the Chilean government. It took decades to build the trust of Chile that their intentions were well founded and this move to donate 1 million acres of land to the Chilean government solidifies their relationship with Chile. Tragically, Doug Tompkins wasn't able to witness the culmination of decades of his work as he passed away in 2015 due to severe hypothermia during a kayaking accident. Doug and Kristine Tompkins in ChileTompkins Conservation Doug and Kristine Tompkins in Chile "I know that if Doug were here today, he would speak of national parks being one of the greatest expressions of democracy that a country can realize, preserving the masterpieces of a nation for all of its citizenry," Kristine McDivitt Tompkins said of her late husband. The Tompkins Foundation of one million acres will help form a network of 17 national parks along Patagonia that spans most of Chile. This donation will aid efforts in "rewilding" Patagonia, an effort to roll back decades of development and deforestation. The Chilean government agreed to pledge an additional 10 million acres under Chilean President Michelle Bachelet. This expansion will create five brand new national parks and add acreage to other parks, creating what is called the "Route of Parks" running North-South along Chile. The total 11 million acres of protected national park land is larger than Denmark and three times larger than Yosemite and Yellowstone National Parks in the US combined. The expanded parks are anticipated to aid in Chile's ecotourism, generating an estimated $270 million per year in revenue and providing over 40,000 jobs to locals. The new protected areas include a diverse collection of ecosystems from deserts to volcanoes to rainforests. With this addition of national park acreage Chile climbs the ranks in countries with the highest percentage of protected land, comparable in percentage to Costa Rica. Part of the 11 million acres of newly added land to the Chilean national parks.Tompkins Conservation Part of the 11 million acres of newly added land to the Chilean national parks. The move to greatly expand the Chilean national park system comes with obvious contrasts to today's political environment under the Donald Trump administration, who has rejected climate change, proposed to slash the US Environmental Protection Agency's budget, and roll back important preservation accords. There were 79 cases of measles reported in France in the first two months of 2017 PA Parents in France will be legally obliged to vaccinate their children from 2018, the government has announced. French Prime Minister Édouard Philippe said it was “unacceptable” that children are "still dying of measles” in the country where some of the earliest vaccines were pioneered. Three childhood vaccines, for diphtheria, tetanus and polio, are currently mandatory in France. Others, including those against hepatitis and whooping cough, are simply recommended. Announcing the policy, Mr Philippe evoked the name of Louis Pasteur, the French biologist who made breakthroughs in disease research and developed the first vaccines for rabies and anthrax in the 19th century. He said all the vaccines which are universally recommended by health authorities – 11 in total – would be compulsory. The move follows a similar initiative in Italy, which recently banned non-vaccinated children from attending state schools. The World Health Organisation has warned of major measles outbreaks spreading across Europe despite the availability of a safe, effective vaccine. Anti-vaccine movements, whose followers are known as anti-vaxxers, are believed to have contributed to low rates of immunisation against the highly contagious disease in a number of countries. A recent survey found more than three out of 10 French people don’t trust vaccines, with just 52 per cent of participants saying the benefits of vaccination outweigh the risks. Health officials urge vaccines as US faces measles outbreak There were 79 cases of measles reported in France in the first two months of 2017, mostly due to an outbreak of 50 cases in the north-eastern Lorraine region, according to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control. Between the beginning of 2008 and the end of 2016, more than 24,000 cases of measles were declared in France, official figures show. Of these, around 1,500 had serious complications and there were 10 deaths. Vaccination is not mandatory in Britain, and around 24,000 children a year in England are not immunised against measles, mumps and rubella. Fear surrounding the combined inoculation for the three infectious diseases, known as the MMR vaccine, stems in part from a discredited study claiming to show a link between the jab and autism. The paper, published in medical journal The Lancet nearly 20 years ago by disgraced former doctor Andrew Wakefield, led to a heavy fall in uptake among parents at the time, but exhaustive scientific research has now disproved the theory. Two children in the UK have died of measles since 2006, and in 2013 a young man from Wales died of the disease – all a “waste of life,” Dr Farah Jameel told doctors at the British Medical Association (BMA) annual meeting last month. The BMA is calling for evidence to be submitted to the UK Government on “the potential advantages and disadvantages of childhood immunisation made mandatory under the law”. Health news in pictures Beatrice Lorenzin, the Italian health minister, has said falling vaccination rates in the country was “an emergency generated by fake news” and 12 vaccines would be compulsory for schoolchildren aged up to 16. Cases of measles rose more than fivefold across Italy in April compared to the same month last year, according to National Health Institute figures. This alarming resurgence of the disease has been blamed on the anti-vaccination stance of the populist Five Star Movement (M5S), which took a quarter of the vote in the country’s 2013 general election. The price of a packet of cigarettes in France will also rise from seven to 10 euros (around £6.10 to £8.70) in another public health measure announced by Mr Philippe. Connecticut Just Banned Civil Forfeiture Without A Criminal Conviction Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy signed HB 7146 on Monday, which curbs the state’s civil forfeiture laws. Not only did the bill earn endorsements from the Yankee Institute for the Public Policy and the state chapter of the ACLU, HB 7146 even passed both the House and the Senate without a single no vote. Under the new law, in order to permanently confiscate property with civil forfeiture, the property must be first seized in connection to either a lawful arrest or a lawful search that results in an arrest. If prosecutors do not secure a guilty verdict, a plea bargain or a dismissal from finishing a pretrial diversion program, the government must return the property to its rightful owner. With the stroke of a pen, Connecticut now becomes the 14th state to require a criminal conviction for most or all forfeiture cases. Shutterstock “Civil forfeiture is one of the most serious assaults on Americans’ private property rights,” Institute for Justice Senior Legislative Counsel Lee McGrath said. “The bill is a solid first step to ensure that innocent people do not lose their property to this use of 17th Century admiralty law applied to the 21st Century war on drugs.” According to data obtained by the Institute for Justice and the Reason Foundation, police and prosecutors generated more than $17.8 million in forfeiture revenue from 2009 to 2016. Nearly two-thirds of those proceeds came from civil forfeiture cases, where the owner did not have to be convicted. Law enforcement predominantly confiscated cash, but also seized dirt bikes, gold chains, and electronics like iPads, TVs and cell phones. Although civil forfeiture is often defended as a way to stop large-scale drug cartels and criminal enterprises, in Connecticut, half of all civil forfeitures were under $570 in 2016. These small amounts suggest that many victims don’t have the means to fight back against a seizure in court. The state’s conviction requirement should protect many innocent Connecticutians. But even with the new safeguard, there are several glaring defects in Connecticut’s forfeiture laws. For starters, the state still allows police and prosecutors to collect 69.5 percent of the proceeds from forfeited property. That provides a strong incentive to seek cases with a hefty payout. Moreover, Connecticut agencies can spend forfeiture money without any public oversight or accounting, leaving both the public and lawmakers (who are supposed to control the power of the purse) completely in the dark. And unlike recent reforms in seven states, the bill does not address the federal equitable sharing program, which has long acted as a loophole to bypass state reforms. Civil forfeiture in Connecticut. Reason Foundation (Research by Lauren Krisai, graphic by Joshua Swain.) India just banned all forms of disposable plastic in its capital Ian Johnston Environment Correspondent Wednesday 25 January 2017 13:32 GMT India’s capital city Delhi has introduced a ban on disposable plastic. Cutlery, bags, cups and other forms of single-use plastic were prohibited by the National Green Tribunal (NGT). There is particular concern in the country about the amount of plastic waste it produces. According to the Times of India, it is one of the top four polluters in the world. The ban affects the whole National Capital Territory (NCT) area of Delhi. It was introduced after complaints about the illegal mass burning of plastic and other waste at three local rubbish dumps, which has been blamed for causing air pollution. The sites are supposed to operate as waste-to-energy plants. The Tribunal said in a statement: “Each of these sites is a depiction of the mess that can be created for environment and health of people of Delhi. “We direct that use of disposable plastic is prohibited in entire NCT of Delhi. “The Delhi government shall take steps for storage and use of plastic materials.” The ban came into force at the start of this month. “All the corporations … and other public authorities, including NCT of Delhi, are directed to take immediate steps for reduction and utilisation of dumped waste,” the Tribunal added. India elephants with knitted jumpers After Theresa May visited India in November last year, analysts commissioned by Greenpeace calculated the air pollution was so bad it probably had slightly shortened her lifespan. She was exposed to air that was 36 times more toxic than in London during the three-day trade mission to Delhi. This article has been corrected to remove the suggestion that India is responsible for 60 per cent of the plastic waste dumped in the oceans Poland once sent the U.S. a birthday card. With 5 million signatures. The title page of the first volume of the Polish Declarations of Admiration and Friendship for the United States. On Oct. 14, 1926, a distinguished citizen of Poland named Leopold Kotnowski came to the White House with a greeting card for the United States’ 150th birthday. It was a little late — the Sesquicentennial’s Fourth of July was months in the past — but it had taken a while to gather the signatures: 5.5 million of them. Plus, there was the elegant, gilded artwork, the photographs, the poems, the pressed flowers, the salutes from the cycling clubs, skating clubs, banks, schoolchildren, medical and rowing societies, lute singers, journalists and the army. The good wishes came on 30,000 pages, in 111 bound volumes compiled by the people of Poland, newly independent following World War I, who wanted to express their affection for the United States. The Library of Congress, which has had the volumes since 1926, announced Thursday that, in cooperation with the Polish Library of Washington and the Polish Embassy, all the books have now been digitized and are available online. “It’s essentially a gigantic birthday card, signed by … almost a sixth of the population of Poland in 1926,” Sahr ­Conway-Lanz, a manuscript historian at the library, said there last week. None Sahr Conway-Lanz looks through one of the 111 volumes of books signed by 5 million Polish citizens. (Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post) With recent polls showing the increasingly poor image of the United States overseas, “the Polish Declarations of Admiration and Friendship” serve as a reminder of better times. Poll shows U.S. tumbling in world’s regard under Trump The Poles thanked the United States for the good example it set, for its role in World War I, and for saving Poland’s children from famine and disease at the war’s end. Kotnowski, in his Pince-nez glasses and Van Dyke beard, posed for photographs with President Calvin Coolidge, holding the first volume, outside the White House. The dour Coolidge smiled. “Noble Americans,” the Poles wrote, “your national holiday is sacred not for you alone. It finds a warm reverberation over the whole world.” “We, the people of Poland, send to you, citizens of the great American union, fraternal greetings [and] . . . our deepest admiration . . . for the institutions which have been created by you. “In them, Liberty, Equality and Justice have found their highest expression and have become the guiding stars for all modern democracies.” “With eternal gratitude in our hearts,” the Poles declared, “we . . . desire . . . to wish your country and your nation all possible prosperity. . . . Long live the United States of America!” At the end of World War I, Poland had just emerged from more than a century of domination under its powerful neighbors Russia, Germany and Austria-Hungary, ­Conway-Lanz said. Poland’s modern independence day is Nov. 11, 1918 — “Armistice Day,” which ended the war, he said. The Yanks head ‘over there’ to the Great War Among President Woodrow Wilson’s famous Fourteen Points, which suggested a framework for postwar peace, point 13 called for an independent Poland. But the war had also left Poland, and much of Europe, in a state of famine and destitution. The United States responded with the American Relief Administration, headed by future president Herbert Hoover. “During and after World War I, Hoover directed the largest relief operation ever mounted in Europe,” saving millions from starvation, according to the Hoover Institution at Stanford University. Train loads of food were shipped to Poland in 1919, the institution says. And half a billion meals were given to country’s hungry in the years after the war. The Poles did not forget. Seven years later, still bracketed by unstable neighbors Germany and the Soviet Union — who would soon pounce again — Poland was eager to celebrate the American Sesquicentennial. It was a heartfelt gesture. “Poles have always been crazy about America,” said library reference specialist Regina Frackowiak. It was also a wise “example of cultural diplomacy,” Conway-Lanz said. A committee to mark “4 Lipca,” the Fourth of July, was formed, and Kotnowski, president of the Poland’s American-Polish Chamber of Commerce and Industry, was appointed to head it. The committee quickly came up with the idea for the declarations. The dedication was composed by writer and patriot Zdzislaw Debicki. Special blank pages were printed up and circulated throughout the country, to be signed and mailed back. They were bound into the books later, Frackowiak said. The project took off. Famous Polish artists contributed exquisite images. None Krakow Province created a page with painting of traditional Polish life for the Polish Declarations of Admiration and Friendship for the United States (Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post) Ludomir Slendzinski used gold paint in his image of two women — one in red, the other in blue — flanking the Bialystok district coat of arms. Warsaw’s Association of Physicians included a drawing of the majestic King Sigismund’s Column, which was later destroyed by the Nazis during World War II. And Warsaw’s Lute Singing Club included music and lyrics from the prominent Polish composer and teacher Zygmunt Noskowski: “For you my brothers, for you brothers, I sing and play, I sing and play.” Then there are the signatures. Some were dashed off by top officials. Many others are in the meticulous handwriting of schoolchildren. Elementary school students signed their names to spell out America (Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post) Students from the public school in Wielki Klincz, in northern Poland, sent pressed flowers and a school picture — the girls with ribbons in their hair, the boys with buzz cuts — along with their signatures. Anna Malinowska, Gertruda Rekonska, Franciszek Gostkowski and 28 other children wrote their names in black ink. Such signatures provide, in a way, a “demographic snapshot of Poland in 1926,” Conway-Lanz said. Many of the names are likely those of the almost 6 million Polish citizens, including 3 million Jews, killed during World War II, the library said. Must Reads 5 stories you can't afford to miss, every Saturday. Another school in northern Poland sent students’ signatures along with a drawing in pencil. It seems to depict a destitute-looking family pausing for a meal under a tree. Children reach for food that a woman is preparing. There’s a ruined, smoldering building in the background. The caption reads: “Bóg zesłał nam pomoc z Ameryki” God has sent us help from America! Read more Retropolis: Jefferson’s powerful last public letter reminds us what Independence Day is all about White House celebrations of Ramadan began with Jefferson and ended with Trump Discovered: Philadelphia’s high-tech, totally natural plumbing of 1812 The mother who made George Washington — and made him miserable FBI rescues 82 children in nationwide sex trafficking sting COLUMBUS(WCMH/AP) — The FBI says dozens of pimps, prostitutes and associates have been arrested under international efforts to combat underage human trafficking. The FBI says 239 child-sex traffickers and their associates were arrested and 82 children were rescued from Oct. 13 to 16 as part of Operation Cross Country X. This is a depressing day in law enforcement,” said FBI Director Comey, “because this is the world we live in and the work we have to do.” But it is also a proud day for law enforcement, he added, “because there are people who spend every day worrying about how to rescue these children. They are true heroes.” Among the 82 juveniles recovered during the three day operation were two sisters in Milwaukee, ages 16 and 17, who told authorities that their mother was their pimp, the FBI said in a news release. The girls said their mother also rented out their brother’s room to a registered sex offender. Operation Cross Country is part of the FBI’s Innocence Lost National Initiative. Since its creation in 2003, the program has resulted in the identification and recovery of more than 6,000 children from child sex trafficking. “Operation Cross Country aims to shine a spotlight into the darkest corners of our society that seeks to prey on the most vulnerable of our population,” said FBI Director Comey. “We are not only looking to root out those who engage in the trafficking of minors, but through our Office for Victim Assistance, we offer a lifeline to minors to help them escape from a virtual prison no person ever deserves.” New Nevada law makes it a crime to leave pet in hot vehicle LAS VEGAS (KSNV News3LV) — The hot weather is especially dangerous for pets. A law in place this summer make it a crime to lock them in a hot car. “Senate Bill 409 passed in the last legislative session raised the penalty for leaving a pet in a hot locked car to the same level as leaving a child in the car,” says Cathy Brooks, owner of The Hydrant Club. If convicted of a crime under the law a person faces 6 months behind bars or a $1,000 fine. Dog owners are also warned to keep their pets off hot sidewalks and pavement, as it can burn their feet, says Brooks. The Hydrant Club's mission is to help owners be the best parents to their pups and how to best integrate dogs to city living.
